Better query params and fix #69 (#70)
trustpilot/python-lambdarest: docs/README.md

## Query Params

Query parameters are also analyzed and validatable with JSON schemas.

Query arrays are expected to be comma separated.

All values are unpacked to types defined in `schema.properties.query.properties.*`.

> 

Reviewer: Could you put a simple example here?

assert result == {"body": '{"foo": [1.0, 2.2, 3.0]}', "statusCode": 200, "headers":{}}
```

> ### arrays without specification in json schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Arrays without specification in json schema
```

> If you supply an array, (comma seperated value),  to a query arg and you *dont* include a specification for the field in your jsonschema *then*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you supply a comma separated value to a query arg and you *don't* include a specification for the field in your jsonschema *then*: 
```

1. the value will be unpacked as a string array

> 2. all values will be tried cast to floats

Reviewer: It's not clear if this means all fields must cast successfully or not, eg. "a,14,4,b" will be `'a', 14, 4, 'b'` or `'a','14','4','b'`

Reviewer: Also does this mean you will get different types to the handler depending on what args are passed?
